take up  -  start doing something new
			use space/time
			accept an offer etc
			make something shorter
			continue dealing with something
			
			
			1.  to start doing something regularly as a habit, job, or interest

				I took up smoking when I was at school.
				
			2   to fill a particular amount of space or time

				These files take up a lot of disk space.
				I’ll try not to take up too much of your time.  
				
			3.  to accept an offer or a challenge (=an offer to fight or compete) that someone has made to you
	
				Schools are taking up the offer of cut-price computers.
				
				One of our greatest athletes has taken up a new challenge.
				
			4  to continue to discuss or deal with an idea, problem, or suggestion

				She fell silent, and her brother took up the story.
				Mrs Pankhurst took up the cause of women’s rights.
				
				
take after  -   to look or behave like an older relative(ressemble in chracter or apperence)

				In looks she takes after her father.
				
Take in   - 1.  to understand and remember something that you hear or read
				
				it was difficult take in all he said.
				
				I’m not sure how much of his explanation she took in.
				
				Don’t be taken in by their promises.

			2.  to allow someone to stay in your house or your country
			
				Refugees who were taken in during the war
				
				We decided to take in lodgers.
				
			3.  to trick someone into believing something that is not true
			
				Don’t be taken in by their promises.
					
			
			4. to accept something as real or true
				He still hasn’t really taken in his father’s death.	
				
				
Take On  -  1. to employ  or hire
				
				Our company took on new workmen.
				
				We’re not taking on any new staff at the moment.
				
			2. to develop a particular character or appearance
				Our website is taking on a new look.	
				
				
			3. to accept some work or responsibility
				
			   I can’t take on any more work at the moment.

			4. to fight or compete against someone
				
			   This evening Manchester United take on Barcelona.
				
			5. take on or take upon to decide to do something without asking permission from anyone else

			    My mother took it on herself to invite them.
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				